README.md, before:

# jj-lsp

Simple LSP to resolve conflicts in the [jj-vcs](https://github.com/jj-vcs/jj). With jj, conflicts
can stay inside the code and they do not need to be resolved immediately. They can be resolved
later when needed. An LSP can be handy for resolving conflicts in the code whenever needed.

## Motivation & Contributing

I am completely new to jj and I am pretty sure I will never go back to git. I think one of the
nicest features of jj is that rebasing never fails. That means conflicts are part of the code until
they get resolved. My thinking is there should be tooling around working with conflicts in the same
way that there is tooling to work with any other programming language. Having a jj LSP is nice for
all the same reasons (works in every modern editor).

I have yet to figure out if this is a good idea/nice development workflow or not. I'm building this
LSP for myself for now to figure this out, but happy to hear your (yes you, the person who reads
this right now) opinion about this. Please open an issue, write me an email, or ping me on Discord.

If anyone is interested in using this LSP at some point, I'm happy to build an extension for

Commit message:

Add planned features to README

README.md, after:

# jj-lsp

Simple LSP to resolve conflicts in the [jj-vcs](https://github.com/jj-vcs/jj). With jj, conflicts
can stay inside the code and they do not need to be resolved immediately. They can be resolved
later when needed. An LSP can be handy for resolving conflicts in the code whenever needed.

## Motivation & Contributing

I am completely new to jj and I am pretty sure I will never go back to git. I think one of the
nicest features of jj is that rebasing never fails. That means conflicts are part of the code until
they get resolved. My thinking is there should be tooling around working with conflicts in the same
way that there is tooling to work with any other programming language. Having a jj LSP is nice for
all the same reasons (works in every modern editor).

I have yet to figure out if this is a good idea/nice development workflow or not. I'm building this
LSP for myself for now to figure this out, but happy to hear your (yes you, the person who reads
this right now) opinion about this. Please open an issue, write me an email, or ping me on Discord.

## Planned features (for now)
- [ ] Diagnostics for conflicts
- [ ] Code actions to resolve conflicts
- [ ] Code lenses to resolve conflicts (similar to git integration in VSCode)
- [ ] Hover tooltips to show a nicer markdown representaion of the conflict
